In 1998, I started dating and growing. We dated for two years. During that time, I also started studying the Bible.
Our relationship was going well. We didn't have any big issues. We got along well, rarely argued.
So then, I had to go to someone when you're dating and everything's going well and you say, listen, I can see you don't feel the same as I do.
I don't want to date you anymore because now I'm studying the Bible. I want to be one of Joe's witnesses.
I really had to muster up a lot of courage to tell her that. But there are moments when you start to ask yourself, did I really make the right decision?
And up to around the time when I got baptized, I was still hoping that she would learn the truth, but unfortunately that didn't happen.
I was also involved in something else that I really loved, which was sports.
When I was younger, I was part of a track and field team, and I participated in many local five and 10k competitions.
Some who trained with me at the time went on to become professional athletes. Some even competed in the Olympics.
I knew I had a decision to make. It wouldn't be possible for me to keep training for track and field while trying to serve Jehovah.
So I had to have enough courage to speak to my coach. And after that, I gave up being an athlete.
Looking back now, it wasn't easy to leave those things behind. But what Jehovah has given me today is much more valuable than anything I gave up.
I have the privilege of serving and baffled together with my wife, who also gives her all in Jehovah's service.
I can honestly say that I am truly happy serving Jehovah with all my heart.